documentation/dsls/DSL:-Plumbery.md, before:

<!--
This file was generated by Spark. Do not edit it by hand.
-->
# DSL: Plumbery.Dsl



## plumbery


### Nested DSLs
 * [pipeline](#plumbery-pipeline)
   * pipe
   * inlet
 * [inlet](#plumbery-inlet)





## plumbery.pipeline
```elixir
pipeline name
```




### Nested DSLs
 * [pipe](#plumbery-pipeline-pipe)
 * [inlet](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet)




### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`name`](#plumbery-pipeline-name){: #plumbery-pipeline-name .spark-required} | `atom` |  | The name of the pipeline |
### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`recovery_point`](#plumbery-pipeline-recovery_point){: #plumbery-pipeline-recovery_point } | `boolean` |  | When true, the pipeline by default is a recovery point |
| [`pipes_are_recovery_points`](#plumbery-pipeline-pipes_are_recovery_points){: #plumbery-pipeline-pipes_are_recovery_points } | `boolean` |  | Specifies the default of `recovery_point` for all pipes in this pipeline |
| [`doc`](#plumbery-pipeline-doc){: #plumbery-pipeline-doc } | `String.t` |  | Documentation for generated function |
| [`unwrap`](#plumbery-pipeline-unwrap){: #plumbery-pipeline-unwrap } | `boolean` | `false` | When true, the pipeline will unwrap the result before returning. Makes sense only for pipelines that are not meant to be used in other pipelines |
| [`private`](#plumbery-pipeline-private){: #plumbery-pipeline-private } | `boolean` | `false` | When true, the generated pipeline function is private |


## plumbery.pipeline.pipe
```elixir
pipe function
```


Adds a pipe to pipeline.

A pipe can be a recovery point. When the pipe is a normal function, by
default `recovery_point` is inherited from the containing pipeline's
`pipes_are_recovery_points` attribute. When the pipe is a pipeline and the
containing pipeline's `pipes_are_recovery_points` attribute is not set,
then the default value is inherited from the  pipeline's `recovery_point`
attribute






### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`function`](#plumbery-pipeline-pipe-function){: #plumbery-pipeline-pipe-function } | `atom \| {module, atom}` |  | Function to call. Can be either local function name specified as atom, or remote function specified as {Module, :function} tuple. Local functions can be private |
### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`recovery_point`](#plumbery-pipeline-pipe-recovery_point){: #plumbery-pipeline-pipe-recovery_point } | `boolean` |  | Specifies whether the pipe is a recovery point. |






## plumbery.pipeline.inlet
```elixir
inlet signature
```








### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`signature`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-signature){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-signature .spark-required} | `any` |  |  |
### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`request`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-request){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-request } | `module` |  |  |
| [`command`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-command){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-command } | `module` |  |  |
| [`use_context`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-use_context){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-use_context } | `boolean` |  |  |










## plumbery.inlet
```elixir
inlet signature
```








### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`signature`](#plumbery-inlet-signature){: #plumbery-inlet-signature .spark-required} | `any` |  |  |
### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`pipeline`](#plumbery-inlet-pipeline){: #plumbery-inlet-pipeline .spark-required} | `module \| {module, atom}` |  |  |
| [`request`](#plumbery-inlet-request){: #plumbery-inlet-request } | `module` |  |  |
| [`command`](#plumbery-inlet-command){: #plumbery-inlet-command } | `module` |  |  |
| [`use_context`](#plumbery-inlet-use_context){: #plumbery-inlet-use_context } | `boolean` |  |  |










<style type="text/css">.spark-required::after { content: "*"; color: red !important; }</style>

Commit message:

remove recovery points, add escaping

documentation/dsls/DSL:-Plumbery.md, after:

<!--
This file was generated by Spark. Do not edit it by hand.
-->
# DSL: Plumbery.Dsl



## plumbery


### Nested DSLs
 * [pipeline](#plumbery-pipeline)
   * pipe
   * escape_on_error
   * inlet
 * [inlet](#plumbery-inlet)





## plumbery.pipeline
```elixir
pipeline name
```




### Nested DSLs
 * [pipe](#plumbery-pipeline-pipe)
 * [escape_on_error](#plumbery-pipeline-escape_on_error)
 * [inlet](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet)




### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`name`](#plumbery-pipeline-name){: #plumbery-pipeline-name .spark-required} | `atom` |  | The name of the pipeline |
### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`doc`](#plumbery-pipeline-doc){: #plumbery-pipeline-doc } | `String.t` |  | Documentation for generated function |
| [`unwrap`](#plumbery-pipeline-unwrap){: #plumbery-pipeline-unwrap } | `boolean` | `false` | When true, the pipeline will unwrap the result before returning. Makes sense only for pipelines that are not meant to be used in other pipelines |
| [`private`](#plumbery-pipeline-private){: #plumbery-pipeline-private } | `boolean` | `false` | When true, the generated pipeline function is private |


## plumbery.pipeline.pipe
```elixir
pipe function
```


Adds a pipe to pipeline.






### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`function`](#plumbery-pipeline-pipe-function){: #plumbery-pipeline-pipe-function } | `atom \| {module, atom}` |  | Function to call. Can be either local function name specified as atom, or remote function specified as {Module, :function} tuple. Local functions can be private |

### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`escape`](#plumbery-pipeline-escape_on_error-escape){: #plumbery-pipeline-escape_on_error-escape } | `boolean` |  |  |





## plumbery.pipeline.inlet
```elixir
inlet signature
```








### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`signature`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-signature){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-signature .spark-required} | `any` |  |  |
### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`request`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-request){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-request } | `module` |  |  |
| [`command`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-command){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-command } | `module` |  |  |
| [`use_context`](#plumbery-pipeline-inlet-use_context){: #plumbery-pipeline-inlet-use_context } | `boolean` |  |  |






## plumbery.inlet
```elixir
inlet signature
```








### Arguments

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`signature`](#plumbery-inlet-signature){: #plumbery-inlet-signature .spark-required} | `any` |  |  |
### Options

| Name | Type | Default | Docs |
|------|------|---------|------|
| [`pipeline`](#plumbery-inlet-pipeline){: #plumbery-inlet-pipeline .spark-required} | `module \| {module, atom}` |  |  |
| [`request`](#plumbery-inlet-request){: #plumbery-inlet-request } | `module` |  |  |
| [`command`](#plumbery-inlet-command){: #plumbery-inlet-command } | `module` |  |  |
| [`use_context`](#plumbery-inlet-use_context){: #plumbery-inlet-use_context } | `boolean` |  |  |









<style type="text/css">.spark-required::after { content: "*"; color: red !important; }</style>
